---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

## The Heist of Fruit Salad’s Mom

The squad began their heist with [[Gildo Stormborn]] and [[Quackity]] (disguised as Kendra Lust) walking into the party using their invitation and [[Tholraak]] doing the same as a waiter. Once it was dark enough, [[Kadulus]] and [[Lester Charlesworth]] used **Sausages** to get onto the roof of the establishment. [[Gildo Stormborn]] and [[Quackity]] made their way into the main hall with the invitation and [[Tholraak]] followed behind. They noticed there were bleachers on the back side of the room and pieced together the safe was behind it. They relayed this information to [[Tholraak]].
[[Tholraak]] signaled to [[Kadulus]] that it was time, so he used *Moonbeam* to start a fire on a pile of handkerchiefs [[Gildo Stormborn]] and [[Quackity]] began trying to convince people to gtfo of the building, most complied. Once enough people had evacuated, the crew met up outside the safe. The gnome safecrackers broke into the safe but suddenly **The Queen** showed up. The room became engulfed in flames much quicker than anticipated. We all fit into the safe and some of us picked up gold/items, including the other part of the artifact. We would melt if the *metal* safe caught on fire somehow, so we punched a hole in the wall and made our way out through a secret passageway, bringing **The Queen** with us. 

**Session 42: United Cities**  
We made our way back to **Fruit Salad**'s bar, dropped his mom off, then kept running for Just The Tip. He continued chasing after us in anger. Once at Just The Tip, we put the artifacts together, realized it was a map using mustard and paper. The "map" put an X at Just The Tip so we explored the basement.   
The basement floor gave out and suddenly we all fell into a square room filled with spider webs. 3 spiders popped out and we whacked 'em. We noticed the completed artifact was warm when pointed in some directions, which we followed. We did this until we got to a room where the floor gave out again. We continued following the wand until we got to a room with 3 mindless quaggoths. We didn't fight them but fed them *[[Kalelgoni]] medicine* instead and they turned back to their normal selves, thanking us in the end.   
We continued until we got to another room where the floor gave out yet again. We followed the *magic mustard wand* until we got to a room with a rocktopus. Its tentacles kept trying to restrain everyone, but we eventually weakened it with a bonk to the head and [[Kalelgoni]] finished it off for us. We made our way to one final room with an altar that had a long rod on it. We put the artifact on the rod and a big scary ghost popped up, taking it from us. [[Quackity]] stole the hammer from the ghost, running away. We eventually got the hammer to **Fruit Salad** and **Batman**. The ghost became non-hostile and was proud of "his boys". The floor began rising.   
Before we knew it, we were back at Just The Tip, the crevice between the cities had been filled magically. The king and queen, as well as other citizens, came to the tavern to see wtf was going on. **Fruit Salad** and **Batman** explained everything. The cities decided to unite as one and end their hate for each other. The party decided to go their separate ways for a bit.   
However, over the next week, they each disappeared mysteriously…