---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# [[Gracklestoog]] is Weird

Went to the bazaar, vendors were super weird. Saw a suspicious figure, launched [[Quackity]] at them. Guards started arresting us before we could catch them. Brought us to Stone Guard HQ in big stalagmite aka Overlake Hold. We were thrown in a cell. Found a hole that [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] was able to see a hallway with flame robes in. Threw a firecracker in the hole. Some lady came to let us out. Brought us to her office, name is [[Errd Blackskull]]. She gave [[Quackity]] his bow back and comments that she is a marksman herself. Asked us to report any corruption in return for access to their armory and save passage throughout the city. She confirmed that [[Ilvara]] (queen bitch) had drow spying on us in the city and promised protection from them. Gave us a lead of [[Droki]] seen in West Cleft District (SW of Overlake Hold).   
Went to the South District in search of the worm smith. Came across the Guy Fieri clan. They gave us an audience with the Worm Smith. Turns out to be a *Wyrm Smith* that was a red dragon named [[Thumberchad]] sitting on a pile of gold. His job was to provide the flame for all smiths in the land. He pointed out that [[Tholraak]] was actually a dragon, to which [[Tholraak]] then revealed his true form. [[Kadulus]] passed out, [[Quackity]] stared in awe, while both [[Lester Charlesworth|Lester]] and [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] weren't surprised because they stupidly assumed he was already a dragon all along. He asked us to report anything to him before [[Errd Blackskull|Errd]] or Guy Fieries but didn't specify what reward we would get. Then he got tired of our shit and told us to go talk to the leader of the Guy Fieries. [[Tholraak]] doesn't trust this dragon because he is way too friendly towards a green dragon and doesn't have much gold for a dragon.   
We talked to the head of the Guy Fieries. He asked a favor to recover a dragon egg that was stolen from them by the Grey Ghosts (thieves guild). His lead was capturing [[Droki]], getting any info from him, and bringing him in alive. We got some badges and robes from him. Also to keep all this information from reaching [[Thumberchad]]. We "agreed" and were on our merry way.  
Went back to the inn where we knew for certain no one could hear us and discussed our options. Decided to lean towards siding with [[Errd Blackskull|Blackskull]] since we could use a refresh on equipment after having it dulled by blobs, but to try and milk any rewards/info from others if given the opportunity. Went to The Shattered Spire, an inn the stabbed deep dwarf, [[Trader Joe]] said to meet him to get a reward. We found him alone at a table. He gave everyone in the party a piece of obsidian worth 10g each. [[Trader Joe|Joe]] asked us to deliver a bag of spell gems to [[Kazuk Pickshine]] in [[Blingdenstone]]. We happened to be headed there anyway to drop off [[JimJar]], who said he knew where to find that guy. He also said the deep gnomes of [[Blingdenstone]] prolly knew a way to the surface. As we were getting ready to leave, we felt a strange wave of something enter the tavern. Two deep dwarfs sitting at a table near us started fighting, a short one and a tall one. Some people started to take bets. The short one uppercut the tall one, then they calmed down and were surprised they got mad at each other. They said they were just talking about trade and got really angry. The party knew something was up but couldn't locate the source. We went and told this phenomenon to [[Errd Blackskull|Blackskull]], who said thanks but we need at least 2 more big examples of corruption to access the armory. We didn't tell her about anything else. Passing through the bizarre, we came across a nice lady named [[Ms. Henstack]]. She said she runs a caravan that is going to the surface world in 120 days. Recommended talking to deep gnomes at [[Blingdenstone]] if we wanted to go to the surface earlier. We bought 40 arrows from her for [[Quackity]] then she asked us to investigate how the darrow are getting surface world money. She also promised us a map to [[Blingdenstone]] if we managed to find out how the Darrow (deep halflings) were getting surface world currency.