---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# Stone Giant Attack and Chasing Droki

Just as the party was saying bye to [[Ms. Henstack]], a two-headed stone giant started charging into the bazaar. One head was normal and the other was growing out of its neck, shriveled and grotesque.[[Lester Charlesworth|Lester]]quickly defused the situation with some bs (I forgot the exact spell), but the second head fell off and the giant passed out. The giant's friend [[Dorhun]] came over and thanked us for saving the other giant. He said we have to talk to the stone speaker [[Hgraam Stonespeaker]] (the "not-king" of stone giants). We decided to use this event as an example of corruption, reporting it to [[Errd Blackskull|Errd]] and getting access to the armory. We all got fancy armor and weapons.   
We made our way to the West Cleft District in search of [[Droki]]. We spotted him not too long after arriving, but he disappeared into a dead end, which turned out to be a mirage hiding a cave system behind it. We continued chasing [[Droki]] until he led us to another "dead end", but he ate a mushroom that shrunk him and squeezed through a tiny crack in the wall. We continued exploring deeper into the cavern, coming across a disease-ridden lake, then going down a different path and finding [[Bupido]], who had summoned skeletons. We quickly did away with him and the skeletons. [[Bupido]] was surprised we were able to hurt him, proving that he really did think he was a gawd. In the cavern next door, we found some hippy michonids/mushrooms. One of them, [[Rumpadump]], wasn't as into dancing as the rest, pointing out that this is very strange behavior for michonids. The leader of the group asked us to join them in praising [[The Lady]], to which we kindly said no. We asked if [[Rumpadump]] wanted to tag along and he said sure.