---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# Mama Bear and Fatherhood

We came across an iron gate with two durager around a cauldron with three bears in cages around them. [[Quackity]] subdued the durager, then [[Lester Charlesworth|Lester]] and [[Kadulus]] caught up. [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] almost got eaten by the bears but [[Quackity]] used *Speak with Animals* and convinced one of them that he was her son. [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] released the remaining two bears and they scurried off. [[Kadulus]] and [[Lester Charlesworth|Lester]] realized the spiral pattern on the floor was magical. They had [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] place his mace in the middle of the spiral, but nothing happened and they got the feeling that they didn't have "all the necessary materials". We continued deeper and followed a corridor to an open cavern with a darrow and a bunch of body parts moving around. We hopped down the ledge, found the hand of the ghost we met after killing [[Bupido]]. [[Kadulus]] put the hand (and the magical ring that was on the hand) in his bag of boning for later use.   
Continuing further, we came across a room with two mesas. One had an obelisk on it and the other had a red egg with a lady talking near. [[Quackity]] tried to sneak up on her, but a tentacle eyeball monster came from the ceiling and paralyzed him and [[Kadulus]]. [[Lester Charlesworth|Lester]] and [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] pewed and bonked the monster until it was ded. We then picked ourselves up and went to the top of the mesa. [[Kadulus]] apprehended the lady who was trying to flee. We were all inspecting the 4ft. red egg when we noticed "it was cold". [[Kadulus]] and [[Tholraak]] tried to use rope as a blanket, but were limited by supply. [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] held his flaming mace up to it, causing it to crack and a baby red dragon popped out. It looked at [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] and said "momma." [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] started freaking out because he was not ready for parenthood and [[Kadulus]] gave up on life because he was very ready for parenthood.  
While [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] was trying to figure out how to handle his new daughter, [[Kadulus]] approached the lady and obelisk. She gave us vague answers only saying that it has immense power and is used to teleport trinkets, hopefully money, from the surface world. [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] decided to name the dragon [[Luna]] after his sister. [[Lester Charlesworth|Lester]] decided to put his extra chain shirt on the obelisk and cast a spell, making him disappear. [[Kadulus]] followed suit. [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]], [[Luna]], [[Tholraak]], and [[Quackity]] held hands while [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] bonked his ablaze mace on the obelisk and they teleported as well. The entire party woke up stacked on top of each other in the middle of some woods.