---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# Killing The Grey Ghosts and Helping Giants

The party was discussing what to do next when we realized there was one part of the dungeon we had not yet explored. We thought we had vanquished the Gray Ghosts but it turns out the scientist lady and captain were part of some other group. So we made our way to the unexplored portion of the dungeon. Upon arriving at a gate, [[Quackity]] woke up from his bjorn nap to pick the lock, and we entered. There was a left and right path. [[Tholraak]] took the left path, where there was a lone duragur with an *alchemist's set*. He snuck up and pounced on the deep dwarf, who proceeded to shit himself and shut up in fear. The rest of the party saw three duragur in a room with mushrooms and some crates off to the side. [[Kadulus]], [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]], and [[Lester Charlesworth|Lester]] bonked and pewed them. They let out some toxic gas during the fight but we contained it afterwards. The party took this time to interrogate the alchemist that [[Tholraak]] pounced on and determine what they would do moving forward. He told them they are the Gray Ghosts and were tasked by [[Errd Blackskull|Blackskull]]'s second in command with making poison for the fellow who got shanked when we arrived.   
We collectively decided that the Guy Fieri klan had bad juju about them, [[Errd Blackskull|Blackskull]] seemed the most trustworthy, and [[Lester Charlesworth|Lester]] thought [[Thumberchad]] was cool but no one else trusts him, especially [[Tholraak]]. Decided to turn [[Droki]] in to [[Errd Blackskull|Blackskull]] to get an audience with the king and tell [[Thumberchad]] about the plot to replace him, trying to milk as many rewards as we could. We used the trapdoor in the cave to get right next to our boats, dropped off [[Luna]], [[Mama Bear]], and all the hostages except the alchemist involved in the poison scheme. Slammed alchemist on Blackskull's desk, she took him away and said we could get an audience with the king for the info but we should visit the stone giants in the meantime. [[Lester Charlesworth|Lester]] took this moment to mention [[Globagool]] for some reason resulting in [[Errd Blackskull|Blackskull]] wanting to meet him.  
We made our way to the stone giants, they welcomed us when we explained who we were. We showed them the stone statue we found in the Caverns and explained where the other one was. In return, they gave [[Lester Charlesworth|Lester]] a *forearm-sized crystal* made by [[Urmas]] from the graven hollow library and said he didn't know how it worked for humans. They also said [[The King]] is usually chill but has been weird recently, drinking too much. We thanked them and went back to our boats. [[Lester Charlesworth|Lester]] and [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] brought the scientist lady and the captain to the stone giants while the rest of the group brought [[Globagool]] to [[Errd Blackskull|Blackskull]]. [[Errd Blackskull|Blackskull]] said she knew someone that could inspect [[Globagool]] but Tom's brain melted before they were revealed.