---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# Rock Blight Gannon; Part 1

[[Kadulus]] woke up from his heavy drinking and made his way into town, only to see the party coming out of a temple wearing beards. After some awkward silence and explanations, the party informed [[Kadulus]] of the ghost in the crypt under the temple. He chose a beard and we headed out. Along the way we came across a circle of large rocks with a dood chillin in the middle. [[Lester Charlesworth|Lester]] and [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] had a good feeling about the place so we stopped and chatted with [[Gernick Tapfinger]]. He explained that he is the keeper of the *Speaking Stone* and asked us to place a rock in the middle of a similar rock structure in Rock Blight Gannon (RBG). As he gave us the rock, it burned [[Kadulus]]' and [[Tholraak]]'s hands. [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] took this moment to cast *Divine Sense*, hearing an opera from the rock but smelling a dozen rotten eggs on [[Kadulus]]. Investigating further to find it coming from the staff [[Kadulus]] got earlier. Trying to hold it burned [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]]'s and [[Lester Charlesworth|Lester]]'s hands. Noting it as *EEEEEVILLLLL*, we asked the Shaman if anyone in town could identify it, and he said not until RBG is cleared of evil. We continued to 12C to capture the ghost [[Borough Warden Jaeger|Borough]] told us about. The invisible ghost really sucked at throwing rocks but was very pushy. Eventually we were able to vanquish it with a lot of Tomfuckery. After a long rest we decided it was time to travel to RBG. We stopped by The Office to see [[Doorbo]] and [[Sennie]]. We came across them trying to train [[Globagool]] to use a sword. He failed but they said he'd get better.   
After showing the guards our big pp passes they let us into RBG. The feeling was desolate and dreary as the party just saw a bunch of rubble and no sign of life in sight. We heard voices/sounds and followed them to a dead end, concluding that they were just in our head. We continued into the city until we found the house [[Borough Warden Jaeger|Borough]] mentioned to get the skeletal remains. A ghost promptly popped out, scaring the shit out of [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] and [[Quackity]], even aging him 15 years. The rest of the party went in and found the remains, as well as some items mentioned above. We continued up some stairs to find a "garden" containing glowing mushrooms, crystals, and a gnome statue holding a cracked crystal. [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] tried to inspect the statue by licking it, then after 200 years the party took pity on him and investigated with him, realizing that it was in fact a living gnome turned to stone by...something and carrying on. We continued down the cavern until we came across a stretch of cave with a million terra cotta drow statues. Our true carry, [[Lester Charlesworth|Lester]], did away with them with his spirit guardians guarding his spirit. Once they were all defeated some brown air began to seep out of the ground.
