---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# Tabernacle and Forge

[[Guru Guidingcalling]] suggested that [[Lester Charlesworth|Lester]] and [[Kadulus]] sit with him around his meditation circle. They all sat down and the light shone from above. As they went into a trance, the rest of the party stood by and twiddled their thumbs. In their trance, at the edge of the circle where there were spokes, pillars rose from the ground and Guru began to explain to[[Lester Charlesworth|Lester]]and [[Kadulus]] the 7 pillars of inner peace. There was fear, shame, **\[me forget rest\]**. After each pillar, they felt a weight had been lifted off their chest. By the end, [[Lester Charlesworth|Lester]] could magically tell the difference between dwarves and halflings. [[Kadulus]] now felt in tune with the light, capable of giving and taking away life.   
We went back to our new abode and decided to take time and claim rooms. [[Luna]] got the only room with double doors, [[Quackity]] set up a hammock between the two “not-stripper” poles in the lounge area, and [[Tholraak]] got the master bedroom. [[Cornhole]] cleaned all the questionable stains off of our sheets. [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] struggled to tell [[Luna]] a bedtime story from when we broke out from the clutches of [[Ilvara]].   
Took the minecart to The Forge that [[King Bartemus]] recommended. We saw an amazingly huge circle that seemed to be broken into 8 slices. The outer walls of the forge had lavafalls while a circle of water poured in from the top middle of the ceiling down into the middle of the bottom, where it was divided between the 8 slices. However, only one of the slices seemed to be active. We entered the door of that section and saw a ham-handed dwarf pounding away at some metal. We approached him and asked how much armor was. He very sarcastically asked what armor/weapons we all wanted and acted like he was writing it down on a notepad. We left that slice, investigated the rest of the forge, and [[Quackity]]'s attunement to nature made him feel as though it had been defiled in some way. We went back to the ham-hand man and tried to ask about it, but he said to leave.