---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# Gildo’s Ascension and Forge Revisit

Left the forge to go ask the king about the forgemaster. At the palace, guards swooned over [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]]. Didn't talk to [[King Bartemus|Bartemus]] but [[Koolick Heavyjaw|Koolick]] mentioned the king was brothers with [[Artemus]], the forgemaster.   
We left the palace and went into the town to collect stinky stuff. Found clams in a dumpster. We visited a shop in the royal district and found a shopkeeper that was racist towards kenkus. [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] was oblivious of her racism for a while but after enough time she offered a moldy cheese wheel and said we could take it off her hands for free. [[Quackity]] hid some clams in her floorboards when she wasn’t looking. [[Quackity]] attempted to ride the wheel of cheese but instead rolled too hard and steamrolled the shopkeeper’s doors, continuing down the hill. The shopkeeper demanded payment, to which [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] tossed her a gold piece and chased after [[Quackity]] along with the rest of the party. The party was about to reach him when he shot a rope on an arrow and the might of [[Mielikki]] kept him from ruining the residential area with stinky cheese.  
We continued to the tabernacle just in time for the ascension of [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]]. A crowd had amassed and no one was standing on the circular mural of [[Waukeen]]. With an announcement from the pompous walkeenar, he stood in the middle of the mural with [[Quackity]] and [[Tholraak]], then a spiral ramp with a platform in the middle began to rise. A giant chest full of gold was shown to [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] and he slung it over his shoulders. The waukeenar explained the importance of the ascension was to endure a fraction of what [[Waukeen]] experienced when she escaped from [[Graz'zt]] so many years ago. [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] began walking up the spiral staircase, slowly but surely making his way to the top whilst onlookers chucked clams and other stinkaroos at him. [[Sir Lanniver Strayl|Sir Lanniver]]trayl|Sir Lannyver]] even threw a shot put that landed right on the chest, adding even more weight.   
Once he reached the top, douchebag had him cleanse himself in a tub of wine, shrinking the [[Graz'zt]] handprint on his bum, then he took the chains he had taken off the bridge goon to create *Death and Taxes*, [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]]’s new Gold Chucks.   
After the ceremony, the civilians cleared out and we talked with [[Sir Lanniver Strayl|Sir Lanniver]], who mistook [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] for [[Quackity]], repeatedly calling him his kinky friend. He gave us an IOU for the forge since [[Quackity]] helped point out places with demonic presence in the Underdark.  
We went to the forge and gave [[Artemus]] the IOU, who couldn’t believe his eyes. He believed us after we explained our interaction with [[Sir Lanniver Strayl|Sir Lanniver]] but wouldn’t explain what he did for [[Artemus]]. [[Artemus]] took notes on what [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] wanted for his armor, said it would be 5000 gold and that it would be ready by the next day.  
On the minecart back home, we heard/found some younger kenkus cursing about the racist shopkeeper. They introduced themselves as [[Steel Crash]] and [[Bonker]]. They recognized [[Quackity]] and invited us to their home to drink and celebrate. While taking the minecart to their house, they told us about their family: great-aunt [[Mouserustle]], great-uncle [[pop]], uncle [[Dog Wiggle]], and [[Walloper]]. When asked what they do for a living they put a finger over their mouths as if to shush.  
When we got to their abode we said hello to their family and saw that [[pop]] had a fungal infection growing on his foot. When we tried to apply the *butt medicine* to it, he said to keep it as we only had enough for each party member. The kenkus said they get drunk to learn new words and pronunciations. They produced a bottle of liquor and invited everyone to cheers. 