---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# A Night Out with Kenkus

The younger kenkus wanted to go out and party while [[pop]] and [[Mouserustle]] stayed home. Deciding where we wanted to go, they pointed to [[Quackity]] and voted to "fly" at The Forge. Intrigued, the party took the mine carts with them over there. The layout of the entrance to the forge was a staircase leading down to the giant metal door to enter the forge. The two youngest kenkus went first, jumping from the top of the stairs and gliding down. [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] ran down the stairs and opened his arms wide for [[Quackity]], who proceeded to jump and glide down almost effortlessly. Then the two older kenkus went, who were even able to glide up a bit and do a flip. [[Kadulus]] and [[Lester Charlesworth|Lester]] thought it would be a fantastic idea to go down the stairs in a sled made of bones, but it immediately caught on a corner and they went flying down into [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]].  
After we brushed ourselves off, the kenkus provided yet another bottle of liquor to do shots with. [[Quackity]] was the only one who obliged and thought he was going to puke. The kenkus said something about the sky and we followed them to The Tabernacle. They stopped by the less popular altars and tried to say new words. We got about halfway up the tabernacle but turned to go back down. The other kenkus dashed down like ninjas and [[Quackity]] was able to keep up with them barely. The rest of the party was sobering up and sludging along behind them.  
The kenkus said they were hungry and we asked where they recommended to eat. They brought us to an odd looking building with loud music and lights coming from inside. A big, meaty dwarf welcomed us at the door. He wasn’t happy to see the kenkus but said it would be a gold each, which [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] provided. He let us all in but stopped [[Lester Charlesworth|Lester]] and attempted to intimidate him, but [[Lester Charlesworth|Lester]]’s old eyes couldn’t see the hate and he proceeded in.   
The kenkus and [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] immediately rushed over to the buffet while two dwarf women danced on poles on a stage in the middle of the room. [[Kadulus]]’ ears heard an Irish accent, of which we had only heard from [[King Bartemus]]. He also noticed a line of women along the wall next to the stairs going up to the rooms. We put 6 and 9 together to realize this is a brothel/strip club and the women were prostitutes but one of them stood out, appearing to have more formal attire than the rest. [[Quackity]] disguised himself as a prostitute while [[Kadulus]] acted like his sugar daddy. They were able to make it up the stairs without suspicion because [[Lester Charlesworth|Lester]] and [[Tholraak]] put on the best real-life soap opera in the land while the entire room watched in awe. Mothers were mentioned, fish was flung, and [[Tholraak]] talked to the suspicious lady. After a while they toned it down but [[Kadulus]] and [[Quackity]] weren’t able to eavesdrop much on the [[King Bartemus]] before the suspicious lady came up and closed the door in the room with them. [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] attempted to go up and see what the hell was going on by hiring a hooker named [[Gertrude]]. He was trying to find where his friends were when [[Gertrude]] said she’d need to be paid more to keep quiet. Refusing her offer, [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] talked her ear off for the duration of her “time” about the economy in [[Gauntlgrym]] and prostitution in general. After enough time the entire group was thrown out of the strip club. The kenkus wanted to party on but it was about 2am at that point and the entire party was exhausted so we went home and slept.  
When we woke up the next day, [[Koolick Heavyjaw|Koolick]] knocked on our door and informed us it was the day of the King's Council. Picked up [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]]'s new armor on the way. Went to the King's Castle for the council meeting. Met [[Edith]], [[Sir Lanniver Strayl|Lanniver]], and [[Koolick Heavyjaw|Koolick]] there. Another giant man walked in with an equally sized suit of armor following behind him. He introduced himself as [[Zelron Roaringhorn]] and said he had a proposition if we could beat him at his game.