---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# Corrupted Hero Oneshot

After the fight, the party tended to [[Kadulus]] and [[Cornhole]] who were not looking good at all. [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] kept muttering that he needed *The Holy Avenger* to protect his allies better. The rest of the party talked to [[Sir Lanniver Strayl|Sir Lanniver]] about what they should do next. He explained that Menzobrazen was out of the question as he is “unkillable” and has attempted to infiltrate it multiple times and needed to be resurrected each time.  
The morning after the party had defeated [[Ilvara]], everyone gathered around the breakfast table to discuss what the plan was going forward. While some were debating, [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] stated that he needed the sword to protect those close to him, convincing Luna to join him. They took off, the rest of the party chasing after them. [[Quackity]] in particular tried to use his new slingshot to persuade [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] to turn around, but he ignored them and kept on riding.  
The party decided to chase after him, [[Sir Lanniver Strayl|Sir Lanniver]] joining along, eventually coming to a bridge in the middle of nowhere surrounded by ominous fog/clouds. As they approached the bridge, a cackling old man greeted them and asked each of them a series of questions. They all surprisingly passed and were able to cross the bridge with no issues.  
Arriving at a small town, the party decided to peek their head into the local tavern, which was the only structure around that looked maintained. The tavern-folk seemed to be relaxing and a very busy worker was behind the counter. He spoke very frantically, but eventually told the party that he had in fact seen an odd man stop by with a dragon. Just as he was informing them, however, a molotov was chucked through the window and the tavern burst into flames. The party made their way outside to see a bunch of scrawny durager with makeshift weapons. They demanded that the people of the village vacate. However, [[Tholraak]] just walked up to them, confidently and casually, enough to scare them. They broke down and said they didn’t want to do any of this, they just got kicked out of their tunnel homes and had nowhere to go.  
The party realized that the figure they described who evicted them sounded just like [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]]. They made their way to the tunnels the halflings had marked on their map. They came across a changed [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]] who now had shiny, black armor and a sword that appeared to be surrounded by shadow. [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]]’s typical white eyes were replaced with dark pools of black. He summoned 4 beings that took up arms and surrounded the party. Though a tough battle, the rest of the party was able to knock some sense into [[Gildo Stormborn|Gildo]], causing him to drop the sword, which turned into light and evaporated.