---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# Heist Planning

* Team A: [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) (nobleman) and [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) (consort). We will either cast disguise self on [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) to hide his armor or [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) so he doesn't look like a bird. Then our backstory is that [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) is a noble. After the fire is lit, [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) and [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) will go to help "put out" the fire but actually make it worse.
* Team B: [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) and [Lester](..\PCs\Lester%20Charlesworth.md) (lookouts) are planning to post up on the right side of the building in between the hedges. Sausages will fly them from the cliff behind the building to their vantage point. Then they will wait for [Deadly Knightshade Adventures/PCs/Tholraak](..\PCs\Tholraak.md)'s signal and light his handkerchiefs on fire.
* Team C: [Tholraak](..\PCs\Tholraak.md) (waiter) is gonna act like normal and scout out a place to sneak in the safe-crackers, relaying info to the rest of the group with handkerchiefs. He will try to set up a place/thing that can catch on fire, then [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) will cast moon beam and light it up. Plan on how to communicate is handkerchief of the waiter: green is proceed with the plan, yellow is be cautious, red is danger, blue is nobles have been made

Garden: There is a garden outside the main building, there will be a guard at the garden gate (as well as several guards patrolling around). We managed to get you two invitations, one for a nobleman and one for his consort. To get into the garden you will not have to do much more than to flash your invitation. There will be much mingling so make sure you have your backstory straight, we CANNOT have you sticking out. Meanwhile, the B team will have to figure out a way to make it onto the roof. It’s a 40 foot vertical climb, so good luck with that. The palace is back up to a sheer cliff face, so no cheating there. Finally Team C: you will have to get into the servants entrance. We have word that a new waiter is coming to help for the evening. You will have to act refined and proper to not arouse suspicion.  
Mezzanine: OK the palace itself is long and narrow, with a skylight stretching the length of the building. This skylight does not take up the whole width of the building so you have some wiggle room. There will be top notch security for the entrance of and inside the building. A team will have to be on their absolute best behavior. The safe is located at the very back of the building, so A team will have to traverse various situations to get to the back of the building without raising suspicion. B and C team will assist A team to do this.  
Safe: It will take the safecrackers at least 5 minutes of heavy machining to crack the palace safe. It will definitely be guarded, so B and C teams will need a spectacular distraction to get them to leave their posts. Once the safecrackers get to work, you will need to make sure that no one at the party sees them for fear of raising the alarm. Once you are in grab as much as you can, as well as your precious artifact of course.  
Escape: Perhaps the most difficult part will be escaping with all of the goodies you grabbed from the safe. If the alarm isn’t raised and/or your distraction isn’t distracting you could try to sneak it out, but good luck. If the alarm is raised or your distraction has gone horribly wrong perhaps you could do a shock and awe exit.
