---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# Introduction to [Sloobledop](..\Locations\Sloobledop.md)

The party started outside the gates of [Sloobledop](..\Locations\Sloobledop.md), starting at combat with some fishies. They eventually netted the whole party, then we found out we're gonna be living sacrifices for these fish peeps. As we were being dragged away, some lady and her crew arrived to save us. She agreed to free us if we do a job for her. Turns out she is a high priestess and they worship *The Sea Mother*, which is fine/peaceful, but there is a group worshiping some weird shit and needs to be saved. The *High Priestess*’ daughter is a priest of the weird religion.  
She takes us to her house. On the way we notice people have empty houses with no furniture and sleep standing up. At her house, we got some interesting visions **(I'm gonna need help remembering these cuz it was a throwback to much earlier in the campaign**). We make a plan to act like human sacrifices, but actually help an ambush, then we agree to not kill our fishman [Shushar The Awoken](..\NPCs\Shushar%20The%20Awoken.md) despite the *High Priestess* wanting him dead.  
We make our way to be fake sacrifices. On the way, stop by a statue of the non-weird god. [Lester](..\PCs\Lester%20Charlesworth.md) and [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) are the only ones who leave something. We then get to the sacrifice altar. Turns out they worship to/under a "tent" consisting of 2 manta rays tied to wooden posts with an octopus, with blood pooling at the bottom. When we get to the altar, they try to sacrifice the fishman first. [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) starts the fight seeing as the lady doesn't start the ambush early enough to save [Shushar The Awoken](..\NPCs\Shushar%20The%20Awoken.md).  
Chaos ensues. Ambush happens and everyone starts fighting. However, then a *big black chungus* comes from the water, sending out manta rays to attack everyone. [Lester](..\PCs\Lester%20Charlesworth.md) recalls his vision of going to a dock, so we scatter instead of fighting, trying to run to the nearest non-manta-ray-infested dock. We managed to find a dock with 5 mushroom boats. We assign people to boats and shroom out. 2 manta rays pursued us as we fled but we slayed them. On to [Gracklestoog](..\Locations\Gracklestoog.md) where we shall get some decent equipment.
