---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# Underground Shrine

After just witnessing the [Demogorgon](..\NPCs\Demon%20Lords\Demogorgon.md) obliterate Sloobledob, the party started out on our luxurious mushroom boats, through The [Darklake](..\Locations\Darklake.md) on our way to [Gracklestoog](..\Locations\Gracklestoog.md). We came across an island with a stalagmite in the middle of it. We were able to find mushrooms and clean water somewhere on the island. We managed to bash the stalagmite into 20 rocks and were on our merry way. Sailing on, [Sarith](..\NPCs\Sarith.md) freaked out again, stating that [Stool](..\NPCs\Stool.md) needed to get to [Neverlight Grove](..\Locations\Neverlight%20Grove.md) *now* but we managed to calm him down and reassure him we’d get there.  
Came across another island, we decided to explore. [Shushar The Awoken](..\NPCs\Shushar%20The%20Awoken.md) said he felt a connection and decided to meditate. Everyone eventually joined. [Prince Dendril](..\NPCs\Prince%20Dendril.md) thought it would be a good idea to throw a huge fkin rock he found, which caused the floor to collapse. The adventurers and [Shushar The Awoken](..\NPCs\Shushar%20The%20Awoken.md) were suddenly in a dungeon. There was water on the floor that appeared to be slowly rising. We were able to successfully explore thanks to our new rocks that lit up from [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) or [Lester](..\PCs\Lester%20Charlesworth.md) casting light, coming to the conclusion that this place was a shrine. We came across blobs that dulled our blades every time we successfully hit them and most things in the dungeon were covered in hurty acid.  
We met a conscious blob of acid named [Globagool](..\NPCs\Globagool.md) who kindly let us pass and followed us but didn't help with combat at all. We came across tunnels that split into different paths. The swirl markings along the wall reminded [Tholraak](..\PCs\Tholraak.md) of the dream he had at Just The Tip where he was engulfed in demonic black bilious goo. Everyone succeeded in jumping over pits in the tunnels except [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md), who fell into a blob of tar-looking shit that woke up and started eating him. [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) failed to help [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) get out, so he *Misty Stepped* out with 1hp and started bonking it. We unfortunately learned that *Thunder damage* made the blob split in two. The party got to the room at the end of the dungeon. [Tholraak](..\PCs\Tholraak.md) grabbed most of what was in there, [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) grabbed a mace that felt *sentient*. Playing with it, he found he could will it on fire. With the water up to our waists at this point, we ran over to the room that seemed to be the only way out. There was a tiny crevice which [Globagool](..\NPCs\Globagool.md) stretched out so the rest of the party could fit through and escaped the dungeon.
