---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# Bye Bye [Shushar The Awoken](..\NPCs\Shushar%20The%20Awoken.md), Hello [Globagool](..\NPCs\Globagool.md) and Stabbings

The party started out saying bye to [Shushar The Awoken](..\NPCs\Shushar%20The%20Awoken.md) because he claimed to have holy feelings and welcomed [Globagool](..\NPCs\Globagool.md). We can't get any answers out of him but we get a sense of unease that a blob just magically gained consciousness in an underground shrine. [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) summoned his army to be our bony chauffeurs. We noticed [Prince Dendril](..\NPCs\Prince%20Dendril.md) having fits more and more frequently. [Tholraak](..\PCs\Tholraak.md) asked if we thought he was the new **[Kalelgoni](..\NPCs\Kalelgoni.md)**. This triggered [Sarith](..\NPCs\Sarith.md) and he started repeating the phrase “Gotta get to [Neverlight Grove](..\Locations\Neverlight%20Grove.md).” [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) did what he does best and gave him some butt medicine, causing [Sarith](..\NPCs\Sarith.md) to turn into the bug from Men In Black. He administered even more, making the bug thing explode bits all over us. [Globagool](..\NPCs\Globagool.md) cleaned us all up by devouring the body parts. This left some of us traumatized. [Tholraak](..\PCs\Tholraak.md) \[**does something**\] furiously like OCD, [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) can only speak in questions, and one other person has an ailment I believe.  
The party checked their loot from the dungeon and realized they found the 5 *pills* to go to Magic Costco. They contemplated taking them now but [Waukeen](..\NPCs\Gods\Waukeen.md) promptly told [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) "Now's not a good time UwU" so we didn't.  
We continued to [Gracklestoog](..\Locations\Gracklestoog.md) in hope of finding our remaining equipment. [JimJar](..\NPCs\JimJar.md) warned us that they hate outsiders. Upon reaching some rocks that we were able to hide our luxury boats behind, we saw some gnome get stabbed by 2 other gnomes with hoods. [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) approached, asking what was going on, and they decided to start blasting. We swiftly bonked them into oblivion (the last guy getting his head shot into the water like a gold ball). Some authorities started approaching. We did what we did best and hid the bodies then told the popo to search in some random direction. Stabbed gnome thanks us, says to meet him at The Shattered Spire, then scampers off. We go to an inn and get some good sleep for once.
