---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# Deeper Down into Droki’s Cave

We looked down the hallway after the michonids, seeing an intersection covered in rather large fungus. As soon as we started walking towards it, two big swarms of centipedes, then two more spiders, appeared and attacked us. They latched onto us when they could and we had a lot of self-inflicted damage. We continued down the cave, using [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md)' skeleton to scout possible routes.  
We spotted *Droki*, but he led us to a room with a mesa, ate a mushroom that made him smol, and went into a crack before we could catch him. We looked at the mesa, and decided to climb the staircase leading to it. [Lester](..\PCs\Lester%20Charlesworth.md) didn't pass the vibe check and got a headache. Everyone else felt some kind of connection to Grackelstoog, allowing them to ask any question. [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) asked where dragon egg was, learned it was in the current dungeon along with a female voice that sounds like tinkering, [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) asked for location of Thieves Guild, heard in dungeon "how are we gonna make this grow, to stinks'' and "Just do it anyway.” [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) asked to hear what the king is up to, heard him saying "honey you look great" and a female voice making his ass-print burn and he recognizes the feeling as someone he fought recently and almost killed him.  
The party eventually came across a cavern with a giant swirling pool in the middle of it and spotted *Droki* sneaking quietly against the wall. [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) managed to restrain *Droki* with an ensnared arrow from atop [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md)'s shoulders. However, this caused the water in the middle of the room to conform into a giant monster that began attacking us. With help from [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) bonks, [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) spells, and [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) arrows, the water monster was defeated and turned back into just water. Now focusing on *Droki*, we threw everything but the kitchen sink at him, but he still managed to click his heels and scatter down the proceeding hallway.[Lester](..\PCs\Lester%20Charlesworth.md)and [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) stayed back to inspect the water while [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) and [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) continued down the hallway in search of *Droki*.
