---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# Mama Bear and Fatherhood

We came across an iron gate with two durager around a cauldron with three bears in cages around them. [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) subdued the durager, then [Lester](..\PCs\Lester%20Charlesworth.md) and [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) caught up. [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) almost got eaten by the bears but [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) used *Speak with Animals* and convinced one of them that he was her son. [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) released the remaining two bears and they scurried off. [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) and [Lester](..\PCs\Lester%20Charlesworth.md) realized the spiral pattern on the floor was magical. They had [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) place his mace in the middle of the spiral, but nothing happened and they got the feeling that they didn't have "all the necessary materials". We continued deeper and followed a corridor to an open cavern with a darrow and a bunch of body parts moving around. We hopped down the ledge, found the hand of the ghost we met after killing [Bupido](..\NPCs\Bupido.md). [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) put the hand (and the magical ring that was on the hand) in his bag of boning for later use.  
Continuing further, we came across a room with two mesas. One had an obelisk on it and the other had a red egg with a lady talking near. [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) tried to sneak up on her, but a tentacle eyeball monster came from the ceiling and paralyzed him and [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md). [Lester](..\PCs\Lester%20Charlesworth.md) and [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) pewed and bonked the monster until it was ded. We then picked ourselves up and went to the top of the mesa. [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) apprehended the lady who was trying to flee. We were all inspecting the 4ft. red egg when we noticed "it was cold". [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) and [Tholraak](..\PCs\Tholraak.md) tried to use rope as a blanket, but were limited by supply. [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) held his flaming mace up to it, causing it to crack and a baby red dragon popped out. It looked at [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) and said "momma." [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) started freaking out because he was not ready for parenthood and [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) gave up on life because he was very ready for parenthood.  
While [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) was trying to figure out how to handle his new daughter, [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) approached the lady and obelisk. She gave us vague answers only saying that it has immense power and is used to teleport trinkets, hopefully money, from the surface world. [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) decided to name the dragon *Luna* after his sister. [Lester](..\PCs\Lester%20Charlesworth.md) decided to put his extra chain shirt on the obelisk and cast a spell, making him disappear. [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) followed suit. [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md), *Luna*, [Tholraak](..\PCs\Tholraak.md), and [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) held hands while [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) bonked his ablaze mace on the obelisk and they teleported as well. The entire party woke up stacked on top of each other in the middle of some woods.
