---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# Meeting Graz’zt and The Thieves Guild

After being fools and using magic on the obelisk, the group (excluding [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md)) was teleported to the unfinished rectangles outside Magic Costco. We went inside, but no one was anywhere to be found, the song was stuck on repeat, and the place was a mess. We started browsing the isles when [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md)'s bum started to burn. A big dark figure came up from behind them and introduced himself (rudely) as [Graz'zt](..\NPCs\Demon%20Lords\Graz'zt.md). He was going to kill the party and [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) was going to help. When asked why, he summoned a crown onto [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md)'s head, making him lose all control. He proceeded to slaughter the party with [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md)'s help. During the fight, he appeared to [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) as his dead sister *Luna* and to [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) as his dead mother.  
After "dying", the party landed on top of each other in front of the obelisk, feeling slightly stronger and refreshed ironically. We asked the scientist lady wtf happened, to which she replied she didn't know, no one had done that before. After realizing she wasn't with the Gray Ghosts, we demanded that she take us to the rest of her people. We came across the entrance to a cave. [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) noticed that there were *shrieker mushrooms* that would give away our location if it noticed us, so we snuck by. He cast *darkness* on it and we crept by, leaving *Luna* and *Mama Bear* to guard the hostages. We came across a bunch of duragur in a room with a magical circle in the middle of it. We fought them, eventually causing a two headed giant to wake up and fight us as well. After they were slain, we investigated and found 2 statues of stone giants. One was engraved with the name of the stone giant we saved and another of his friend. We brought one with us, took the captain as another hostage, and were on our merry way.
