---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# Leaving [Gracklestoog](..\Locations\Gracklestoog.md)

The party woke up at the inn and started getting ready for the expedition. We saw 3 carts in front of Blackskull HQ, went down and met *Lieutenant Humperdinck*, who was going to lead. We realized we had to make sure Luna and [Globagool](..\NPCs\Globagool.md) were accommodated, spent waytoofuckinglong coming up with ideas, eventually talked to the blob scientist who sold us a blob cart that could carry [Globagool](..\NPCs\Globagool.md) and we would hide *Luna* behind him.  
We left for our travels, which took a week. In the meantime, [Tholraak](..\PCs\Tholraak.md) learned about magic from [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md), [Lester](..\PCs\Lester%20Charlesworth.md), and [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md). [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) discovered [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) had an evil staff with the head of a snake at the top. No one did anything about it even though it definitely seemed evil. We got to the spider web bridge where *Humperdinck* was no help in giving advice for how to cross. He pretty much said "go carefully". After telling him to eat a dick, two halflings came out of nowhere surfing on the webs. They said for 2gp per person per day they could get us across safely. Everyone thought that was outrageous but [Tholraak](..\PCs\Tholraak.md) had the moneys so we agreed.  
Setting out on the webs, we have been coming across various monsters including spiders, face-suckers, and a mimic chest. It became apparent very quickly that the webs will break if someone even mentions the word fire. [Lester](..\PCs\Lester%20Charlesworth.md) found a bundle of webs that contained the dying *Fargus Rumblefoot*, a fellow acolyte of [Ra](..\NPCs\Gods\Ra.md) who said he was down here "looking for Ra" . With his dying breath he gave[Lester](..\PCs\Lester%20Charlesworth.md)the advice "listen for ALL that call for help".
