---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# Hello Hydra

With a sleeping dragon, 2 traumatized monkeys, and sensing great evil in the castle, we decided to fuck off from the Garden of Welcome back to [Basidia](..\NPCs\Basidia.md). We informed her of our discovery and she seemed horrifyingly surprised. She mentioned a group of druid cultists that worshiped [Orcus](..\NPCs\Demon%20Lords\Orcus.md) being in the area, thanked us for what we had done, and advised us to carry on to [Blingdenstone](..\Locations\Blingdenstone.md), that this was their battle to fight and we would be destroyed. After saying goodbye to the fearless [Stool](..\NPCs\Stool.md) and *Rumpadump*, we began our trip to [Blingdenstone](..\Locations\Blingdenstone.md). Along the way, we were traveling alongside some (not Deep Lake) water when [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) felt called to the water. Being a bitch, he tugged on [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md)'s *Guy Fieri robes* and pointed at the water. [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) approached the water and splashed it with his lance a bit. A giant head popped out and lunged at him and mama bear, causing her to flee. 4 more heads and a dragon-like body rose out of the water. The party began raining hell on the hydra, but for every head we killed, 2 grew back. Through many arrows, bonks, and a flame circle that [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) and *Luna* didn't give af about, we finally slayed the hydra.  
[Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) tried to bleed the hydra as a sacrifice to his god, but [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) took this as him trying to get the heart, which he reached in and pulled out the spleen instead, which he absolutely thought was the heart. Sitting around the campfire that night, [Globagool](..\NPCs\Globagool.md) spoke up for the first time in a while, asking the group why they wanted to get to the surface, what their goals were. [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) explained that we would return to our everyday lives. [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) would find his sister, [Lester](..\PCs\Lester%20Charlesworth.md) would return to his family, [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) said quack, [Tholraak](..\PCs\Tholraak.md) was asleep, and [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) had an ambassador position to get back to. [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) explained to *Luna* why you should always give strangers a chance for introduction and more importantly, trade. She said she'd think about it.
