---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# Enter [Blingdenstone](..\Locations\Blingdenstone.md)

Continuing on our way to [Blingdenstone](..\Locations\Blingdenstone.md), one night around the campfire [JimJar](..\NPCs\JimJar.md) spoke up about how excited he was to get back. He told us about its history, that it is a deep gnome city that was overthrown by drow (deep elves) for a bit, but the deep gnomes (relatively) recently just gained back control and have been rebuilding the city back to its former glory ever since. Further questioning revealed he hadn't been there in ~6 months and doesn't know what it's like currently. Soon after our travels, the party came across a giant, wide, stone staircase that looked like it was intended for tiny feet. After walking up them, we came across a bunch of gnomes guarding a gate and a figure made out of stone. We tried to get the stone dude's attention, only to make the guards look at us and freak out at [Globagool](..\NPCs\Globagool.md), reaching for the alarm bell. [JimJar](..\NPCs\JimJar.md) spoke up and told them everything was okay so they calmed down. A guard came up to us and asked for our business. [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) intelligently explained that we were in search of [Blingdenstone](..\Locations\Blingdenstone.md) and asked (in character totally not irl or anything) if the deep gnome knew where it was, to which he replied that we found it. After stating our actual business, the guard said he knew some people that may want to meet us. The guard escorted us through the first gate, through a gauntlet, got frustrated at the stupid [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) jokes, through a tunnel filled with spell gems, and into the city. The whole way the guard had to explain to citizens/guards that [Globagool](..\NPCs\Globagool.md) was not hostile. We continued through the city, spotting a temple to **\[some rock god\]**, seeing gates with heavily guarded borders, and hearing clanging down an alley on the way. The guard explained that the gates were to a dangerous place called Rock Blight Gannon, where a lot of blobs come from.  
The guard dropped us off at some office that appeared to be very busy with their leaders *Doorbo* and *Sennie*, a married couple. They explained that they tolerate but aren't that enthusiastic about outsiders. They asked for our real purpose, to which we explained our adventure in the Underdark so far and how we wanted to return to the surface. They were impressed with our ability to escape *Ilvara*, and said we could roam the city freely so long as we left [Globagool](..\NPCs\Globagool.md) there so they could keep a close eye on him. They recommended seeking shelter at The Drunken Mug. We went over to The Drunken Mug, making good conversation with the woman that ran the place. We all got some ale and asked her what the talk of the town was. She told us that there is supposedly a ghost problem but didn't know any details. We also told her we are searching for *Kazuk Pickshine*, to which she told us he was in the trade district. [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) overheard that there is a name that everyone refuses to say because anyone who hears it dies. After shooting the shit at the bar she showed us to our rooms, saying it would be 9 gold a night or so.  
We decided to search for *Kazuk Pickshine*, [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) close to full mast in the bazaar, when one of two guards standing next to each other began rising and looking in pain. Out of nowhere a blob appeared, swallowing him whole. Another one showed up as well, but the party did away quickly and without a scratch, saving both guards in the process. After our charismatic mascot [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) impressed them, the gnomes around seemed to approve of us.  
We continued to *Kazuk Pickshine*'s tent, finding him outside and explaining we have some spell gems for him. He told us to stfu and get in his tent. After inspecting the gems, he was happy to see they were all there, gave us a zircon, and said our business is done. The party lightly interrogated him a bit to make sure they wouldn't be used sadistically, and also got him to explain that spell gems are gems that can store spells for later use.  
Leaving the old man alone, we decided to go take a long rest at the inn to lick our wounds. Along the way, we checked back in on the temple we saw before. There was a man with a beard inside struggling to lift a marble slab. After we assisted him, he exclaimed there was much work to be done as he was renovating the temple. He said we are welcome to wander, but must wear a beard if we go into The Crypt and watch out for the ghost. Asking him about the ghost made him deny it more and more as he shooed us away.  
We also decided to check out the clanging sounds we heard before. It turned out to be a section for blacksmiths, although we noticed there was more fixing than making going on. [Tholraak](..\PCs\Tholraak.md) took this time to show some older blacksmiths his *Undermoore*, to which they seemed impressed but hadn't seen it before. They asked to borrow and learn from it so [Tholraak](..\PCs\Tholraak.md) gave them some money to improve it as well. Meanwhile the rest of the party was talking to another blacksmith to get info on the area. There were borders that he said also led to Rock Blight Gannon and that everyone was fixing more than repairing because of the blobs melting everything.  
The next "morning", we checked in on [Globagool](..\NPCs\Globagool.md) at the office we left him at. He was talking to *Sennie*, who said he was behaving very well and that they were having a good conversation. Asking [Globagool](..\NPCs\Globagool.md) how he felt, he said "very good, much stronger than usual" so maybe he'll fight with us in the future for once.  
We paid another visit to the priest we met before. He was on a ladder fixing something and said we could go on into The Crypt, while wearing our beards of course. There [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) turned a corner and soiled himself when face to face with a ghost. He introduced himself as *Borough Warden Jaeger*, stating he was the leader of the city for ~60 years when he was alive and knew a lot about the Underdark, but now is attempting to lay souls to rest in the crypt. We showed him the hand we found in Grecklestoog, which he told us to put somewhere. After seeing a spirit fly upwards and a *fshhh* sound, *Borough* said as a reward we can ask him anything about the Underdark. We requested an IOU since we didn't have enough brain cells to come up with a question. He notified us that a ghost was causing chaos in section 12 and we could ask another question if we resolved it.
