---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# Rock Blight Gannon; Part 2

The brown air continued to rise out of the ground, slowly expanding. [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) and [Tholraak](..\PCs\Tholraak.md) began blowing/waving to make it back away. We realized that it was an air elemental being summoned from another plane. [Lester](..\PCs\Lester%20Charlesworth.md) banished it back to its plane of origin but we all know it was really [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) and [Tholraak](..\PCs\Tholraak.md) that saved the day with their shield and wings.  
We continued down the cavern the air elemental came out of and came across a waterfall with a stairway on either side leading to an upper level with 2 gargoyles. [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) cast *Divine Sense*, making the gargoyles come to life and start attacking, but we burnt plastic in front of them until they died of natural causes. We definitely didn't do any dumb shit like jumping off a staircase after one of the gargoyles *cough cough*. Atop the waterfall, we found a spell gem that could be used to summon an earth elemental, but [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) discovered it was cursed. [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) still took it for safekeeping and the hopes that the curse could be removed.  
We went back from whence we came and discovered a section with much fancier housing than the rest of the area. The party put 6 and 9 together to realize that this must have been where the upper class drow lived back when it was still ruled by them. Investigating this area, we came across a throne room with a drow sitting in it. Looking up, the party saw snakes popping out of its head and recognized her as Medusa, but not before she could begin petrifying some of us. With enough arrows from [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) and *Luna*'s blindsight we were able to kill and behead her before she could lay a hand on beautiful [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md)' head.  
Looking around, we realized that she was most likely the queen of this land once upon a time but couldn't figure out how she got like that. After we finished investigating the fancy ruins, we continued down stairs to the place *Gernick Tapfinger* wanted us to put the spell stone. However, approaching it caused the stand to shoot into the sky and rock doods to pop out of the walls. After enough shenanigans we got the stone to the stand, returning the area to normal and making it holier than before.
