---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# The Northern District of [Blingdenstone](..\Locations\Blingdenstone.md)

The party started out in Rock Blight Gannon in the middle of the stone structures after returning the *Hallowed Stone* to its place. [Tholraak](..\PCs\Tholraak.md) and [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) had to leave because it burned but the rest of the party took a second to thank their god for their victory, though *Luna* didn't feel like drinking the Kool Aid. We finished exploring the rest of the Gannon, mainly just realizing the rubble that blocked our path seemed like it was intentionally caved in to keep something out. Returning to the inhabited part of the city, we gave the guard his requested *Medusa*'s head, getting a diamond in return. The citizens seemed quite impressed with us, especially after a noble speech [Lester](..\PCs\Lester%20Charlesworth.md) made about oatmeal. The guard, wiping a tear from his eye, said *Sennie* and *Doorbo* would probably like to hear the good news.  
Heading over to The Office, an arrow flung into [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md)'s shoulder the second he put his foot on the steps leading up. We came across *Sennie* in a full suit of armor putting arrows into [Globagool](..\NPCs\Globagool.md) which he was shooting at targets and missing. As we began asking them questions about [Globagool](..\NPCs\Globagool.md), we quickly got sidetracked saying [Kalelgoni](..\NPCs\Kalelgoni.md)'s name and making the ground shake. Some gnomes started arguing whether it was those that said or heard the name who died. *Sennie* and *Doorbo* came out to talk to us after hearing the ruckus. They were glad we dispersed the evil (including casually banishing Ogramoth's bane) in Rock Blight Gannon and asked us to help them more in clearing out the northern area where blobs had been coming from. They also asked if we could talk to the lycanthrope were-rat deep gnomes hiding out there. *Sennie* seemed okay with them but *Doorbo* considered them an infestation. [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) and [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) threatened to not help if they didn't help us get back to the surface, but we got them to a point where they would negotiate if we helped them with the blobs.  
Heading over to *Gernick Tapfinger*, he thanked us for putting the Hallowed stone in its proper place, saying he would bless one armor and weapon piece to be a +1. We also took the chance to talk to him about [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md)' snakehead staff. He recognized it as *Staff of Adder*, but special in some way.  
Through a lot of roleplay and interrogating [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) revealed that when the party touched the obelisk in [Gracklestoog](..\Locations\Gracklestoog.md), he was teleported to a dark circular tunnel 20ft in diameter where a figure gave him the staff and gave him a keyword to activate it. The party put 4 and 20 together to realize [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) had talked to [Orcus](..\NPCs\Demon%20Lords\Orcus.md), the demon lord that is also an enemy of [Graz'zt](..\NPCs\Demon%20Lords\Graz'zt.md) and the [Demogorgon](..\NPCs\Demon%20Lords\Demogorgon.md). He also revealed that the staff had the regular resurrection spell that could revive a person that had been dead for less than 200yrs. *Gernick* could tell us about the staff but wasn't much help in recommending what to do with it. Before leaving, he also performed *Greater Restoration* on [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) to remove 3 levels of madness and said Garra Songstone in sector 15 could do it as well while he could not do it again for months.  
We quickly dropped off the skeletal remains at Borough to get another IOU from him. [Lester](..\PCs\Lester%20Charlesworth.md) almost asked a dumb question like where oatmeal comes from but the party stopped him. We continued on to the northern sectors. It immediately smelled awful, which [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) identified as rotting flesh. We followed the smell to a pile of corpses, but not before [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) could fall through a trap on a bunch of spikes and [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) used [Kalelgoni](..\NPCs\Kalelgoni.md)'s name to dismantle another trap. [Lester](..\PCs\Lester%20Charlesworth.md) was able to identify the corpses as were-rats and [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) used his tracking skills to locate some footprints which we followed. The footprints led to an open cavern, wherein an army of were-rats surrounded us. [Lester](..\PCs\Lester%20Charlesworth.md) was able to speak rat and *Chipgrin Goldwhisker* came forward, asking us to follow him. Going back to his throne room where [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) broke a moss-covered chair while everyone else took a seat, the rat chief acknowledged he needed the help of *Sennie* and *Doorbo* to take down the blobs, asking us to deliver the message for him. The were-rats aren't trusted but he claims that they have changed their ways.  
*Chipgrin* sent us on our way after pointing out the rest of the traps they had placed. We followed the caverns until a blob fell from the ceiling. It didn't seem to care much for us though. We followed it to a giant cavern with a castle-like structure in the middle that had been desecrated by slime. We said [Kalelgoni](..\NPCs\Kalelgoni.md)'s name which caused the ground to shake and a voice to boomingly say "What's this, what's this? Visitors? Now? Not yet! We're not ready! Go away, pests! I will call upon thee and all of [Blingdenstone](..\Locations\Blingdenstone.md) to announce our glad tidings of **The Faceless Lord** to come at the proper time! Begone!" [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) tried to say hello to him but the party dragged him away. We continued exploring the rest of the caverns. We finally came across the throne room *Sennie* and *Doorbo* wanted us to investigate. There wasn't much in the throne room, we all went up to the throne, saw that there was an oozey statue of [Kalelgoni](..\NPCs\Kalelgoni.md) which [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) hugged, and found some stuff in a toadstool. We went back to the city and reported our findings to *Sennie* and *Doorbo*. They said they would be open to sitting down with the rat chief and negotiating. They were not happy to hear about what we had seen in the blob cavern. From the blob specialist in [Gracklestoog](..\Locations\Gracklestoog.md), the party knew **The Faceless Lord** also meant [Juiblex](..\NPCs\Demon%20Lords\Juiblex.md). They were also surprised to hear that their feared [Kalelgoni](..\NPCs\Kalelgoni.md) aka [The Pudding King](..\NPCs\The%20Pudding%20King.md) was our old friend from before the Underdark. Lastly, we stopped by *Garra Songstone* to remove some madness from [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md).
