---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# War Preparations

The party checked in on [Globagool](..\NPCs\Globagool.md) , asking him if he would be willing to fight alongside us, which he said yes as his training really seemed to be paying off. [Tholraak](..\PCs\Tholraak.md) visited the blacksmiths again to check on his Undermoor. They said they bonked it until it seemed harder. He put it on in dragon form with a beautiful green hue to it and the party came a little. Seeing an empty table in the middle of The Office and decided to take our seats. As soon as we did, *Sennie*, *Doorbo*, and [Globagool](..\NPCs\Globagool.md) took a seat as well. Next a shadowy figure drops from the doorway and takes his seat, identifying himself as *Chipgrin Goldwhisker*. After him, a ghost known as *Borough Warden Jaeger* rose up through the ground into a chair, giving [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) a strange look and questioning his morals/ways, but the party somehow reassured him that he had been nothing but help to us. *Kazuk Pickshine* arrived to represent the trading guild. Lastly, *Garra Songstone* and *Gernick Tapfinger* came into the room and sat down. After *Doorbo* established the meeting as started, *Chipgrin* started by showing the trap map to everyone as a sign of good faith, which the party backed up. After they calmed down, the different parties around the table began to explain what they could bring to the table and what else they suggested to do in preparation for the slime battle. *Doorbo* recommended sending a caravan of spellgems to [Gracklestoog](..\Locations\Gracklestoog.md) in return for armaments. *Borough* said that since we helped him we had his support, summoning a bunch of ghosts totally not like LOTR. *Gernick* and *Garra Songstone* talked about a summoning circle for elementals. They knew of the general location but not its exact one and there would no doubt be *EVILLL* to exterminate from said area. *Kazuk Pickshine* mentioned that he could make a concoction to put on our armor so it wouldn't degrade against slimes if we got the ingredients from [Neverlight Grove](..\Locations\Neverlight%20Grove.md). We mentioned our adventures there which made them drop their jaws. We brought up using [Globagool](..\NPCs\Globagool.md) as an ally, but *Doorbo* was skeptical. [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) recommended using him in the next blob attack to prove his allegiance. *Doorbo* agreed to this but wanted one of the party to stay behind in case he turned on us. [Tholraak](..\PCs\Tholraak.md) recommended raising their dead. *Borough* was offended, but the were-rats weren't opposed to the idea of raising their dead. After pointing out that [The Pudding King](..\NPCs\The%20Pudding%20King.md) (TPK) would most likely retreat back to the Throne Room, *Chipgrin* mentioned that he could help set up traps there. [Lester](..\PCs\Lester%20Charlesworth.md) brought up the gauntlet and said the deep gnomes could also put spell gems in for traps. This also brought up the question if we would kill [Kalelgoni](..\NPCs\Kalelgoni.md). [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) said he would only do it as a last resort. We would try charming him or raising him from the dead. As everyone was in agreement for our plans and delegations, *Doorbo* broke out a jar of oatmeal and we all toasted but [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md), who poured his into [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md)'s pocket, and [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md), who was too sad about [Kalelgoni](..\NPCs\Kalelgoni.md).
