---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# The Great Battle of [Blingdenstone](..\Locations\Blingdenstone.md)

Everything had been prepared. The archers were ready to provide support, the elementals had been summoned, our armor was anti-degradable, the ghosts were ready for our call of aid, and [Globagool](..\NPCs\Globagool.md) was looking thicc. *Doorbo* explained the strategy of the deep gnomes fighting directly with the mass of blobs while the party split up to traverse a series of caverns to get to the throne room where [The Pudding King](..\NPCs\The%20Pudding%20King.md) would retreat.  
The party and their familiars went through the four caverns, slaying the slimes that were in our way utilizing our familiars, trap spell gems, and prepared equipment. We took some damage but licked our wounds in between caverns. It was finally time for the moment we had anticipated. None other than [Kalelgoni](..\NPCs\Kalelgoni.md) was atop his mech with two other slimes next to him. The battle was far from easy. Many of the party fell, some more than once as [The Pudding King](..\NPCs\The%20Pudding%20King.md) made use out of the Cloudkill spell. [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) was able to resurrect half the party by screaming “GET THE FUCK UP OFF THE GROUND!” and casting *Aid*. In the end, we got [Kalelgoni](..\NPCs\Kalelgoni.md) to detach from his mech, where we defeated him in hand to hand combat. He realized he was outmatched and attempted to flee, but [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) dealt the final blow to [The Pudding King](..\NPCs\The%20Pudding%20King.md), taking out his jaw in the process.  
Once he was defeated, [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) attempted to obtain [Kalelgoni](..\NPCs\Kalelgoni.md)'s soul with the soul bag to no avail, even with the help of [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md), [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md), and not [Lester](..\PCs\Lester%20Charlesworth.md). [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) managed to bring [Kalelgoni](..\NPCs\Kalelgoni.md) back to life shortly, but he indicated that [Juiblex](..\NPCs\Demon%20Lords\Juiblex.md) was still trying to possess him. [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) told him to get in the soul bag, so [Kalelgoni](..\NPCs\Kalelgoni.md) jumped into the bag. [Tholraak](..\PCs\Tholraak.md) proceeded to curb stomp the bag until it was no longer moving but started to glow golden. [Kadulus](..\PCs\Kadulus.md) passed out from exhaustion. [Globagool](..\NPCs\Globagool.md) stopped blocking the slimes from getting into the room as he felt weaker, but the slimes just turned into pools of ooze. The army of Blindenstone stormed into the throne room, congratulating us on defeating [The Pudding King](..\NPCs\The%20Pudding%20King.md). They said they would give us a map to the surface, but for now it was time to celebrate. For the rest of the night we were drinking ale and dancing on tables with the deep gnomes.
