---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# Gildo’s Ascension and Forge Revisit

Left the forge to go ask the king about the forgemaster. At the palace, guards swooned over [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md). Didn't talk to [Bartemus](..\NPCs\King%20Bartemus.md) but *Koolick* mentioned the king was brothers with [Artemus](..\NPCs\Artemus.md), the forgemaster.  
We left the palace and went into the town to collect stinky stuff. Found clams in a dumpster. We visited a shop in the royal district and found a shopkeeper that was racist towards kenkus. [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) was oblivious of her racism for a while but after enough time she offered a moldy cheese wheel and said we could take it off her hands for free. [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) hid some clams in her floorboards when she wasn’t looking. [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) attempted to ride the wheel of cheese but instead rolled too hard and steamrolled the shopkeeper’s doors, continuing down the hill. The shopkeeper demanded payment, to which [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) tossed her a gold piece and chased after [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) along with the rest of the party. The party was about to reach him when he shot a rope on an arrow and the might of [Mielikki](..\NPCs\Gods\Mielikki.md) kept him from ruining the residential area with stinky cheese.  
We continued to the tabernacle just in time for the ascension of [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md). A crowd had amassed and no one was standing on the circular mural of [Waukeen](..\NPCs\Gods\Waukeen.md). With an announcement from the pompous walkeenar, he stood in the middle of the mural with [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) and [Tholraak](..\PCs\Tholraak.md), then a spiral ramp with a platform in the middle began to rise. A giant chest full of gold was shown to [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) and he slung it over his shoulders. The waukeenar explained the importance of the ascension was to endure a fraction of what [Waukeen](..\NPCs\Gods\Waukeen.md) experienced when she escaped from [Graz'zt](..\NPCs\Demon%20Lords\Graz'zt.md) so many years ago. [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) began walking up the spiral staircase, slowly but surely making his way to the top whilst onlookers chucked clams and other stinkaroos at him. [Sir Lanniver](..\NPCs\Sir%20Lanniver%20Strayl.md)trayl|Sir Lannyver\]\] even threw a shot put that landed right on the chest, adding even more weight.  
Once he reached the top, douchebag had him cleanse himself in a tub of wine, shrinking the [Graz'zt](..\NPCs\Demon%20Lords\Graz'zt.md) handprint on his bum, then he took the chains he had taken off the bridge goon to create *Death and Taxes*, [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md)’s new Gold Chucks.  
After the ceremony, the civilians cleared out and we talked with [Sir Lanniver](..\NPCs\Sir%20Lanniver%20Strayl.md), who mistook [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) for [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md), repeatedly calling him his kinky friend. He gave us an IOU for the forge since [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) helped point out places with demonic presence in the Underdark.  
We went to the forge and gave [Artemus](..\NPCs\Artemus.md) the IOU, who couldn’t believe his eyes. He believed us after we explained our interaction with [Sir Lanniver](..\NPCs\Sir%20Lanniver%20Strayl.md) but wouldn’t explain what he did for [Artemus](..\NPCs\Artemus.md). [Artemus](..\NPCs\Artemus.md) took notes on what [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) wanted for his armor, said it would be 5000 gold and that it would be ready by the next day.  
On the minecart back home, we heard/found some younger kenkus cursing about the racist shopkeeper. They introduced themselves as *Steel Crash* and *Bonker*. They recognized [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) and invited us to their home to drink and celebrate. While taking the minecart to their house, they told us about their family: great-aunt *Mouserustle*, great-uncle *pop*, uncle *Dog Wiggle*, and *Walloper*. When asked what they do for a living they put a finger over their mouths as if to shush.  
When we got to their abode we said hello to their family and saw that *pop* had a fungal infection growing on his foot. When we tried to apply the *butt medicine* to it, he said to keep it as we only had enough for each party member. The kenkus said they get drunk to learn new words and pronunciations. They produced a bottle of liquor and invited everyone to cheers.
