---
tags: oota/session-notes
---

# Return to [Blingdenstone](..\Locations\Blingdenstone.md)

After apologizing to the scavenger durager civilization that a corrupted [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) had cleared out of their cave and assisting in rebuilding the beloved tavern, the party thought of what to do next. [Sir Lanniver Strayl](..\NPCs\Sir%20Lanniver%20Strayl.md) informed the party that going to [Menzobranzen](..\Locations\Menzobranzen.md) would be a deathwish. We decided to continue traveling to [Blingdenstone](..\Locations\Blingdenstone.md) since we were about halfway there from chasing [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) and even convinced [Sir Lanniver](..\NPCs\Sir%20Lanniver%20Strayl.md) to come along since the paladin aura was helpful and if he died the clerics in [Gauntlgrym](..\Locations\Gauntlgrym.md) could just resurrect him (teehee).  
Traveling to [Blingdenstone](..\Locations\Blingdenstone.md) only took about a day, but once we were about a mile away the party started finding puddles of ooze that seemed acidic to the touch. As we got to the entrance there was more slime on the stairs but not as acidic. We slowly made our way up, making sure to not slip on the slime. We entered the gauntlet and took the shortcut to the lycanthrope territory.  
**It was at this moment where [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) took Bella to the Behler’s**  
Once [Gildo](..\PCs\Gildo%20Stormborn.md) snapped out of staring at the ground for an hour, the party was suddenly in the same plaza as the holy temple where *Borough* resided. He thought this would be a good time to throw a rock and buy him a few more seconds. This caused one of [Juiblex](..\NPCs\Demon%20Lords\Juiblex.md)’s million eyes to lock onto the party and begin rapidly chasing us.  
Unlike the other oozes, [Juiblex](..\NPCs\Demon%20Lords\Juiblex.md) moved extremely fast, as fast as the rest of us in fact. There were many shenanigans trying to slow down [Juiblex](..\NPCs\Demon%20Lords\Juiblex.md) including [Quackity](..\PCs\Quackity.md) sacrificing the jar of bees and [Tholraak](..\PCs\Tholraak.md) knocking down an archway. All for little-to-no avail. The most we slowed it down was 10 feet at a time. We managed to escape with *Sennie*, *Doorbo*, and [Basidia](..\NPCs\Basidia.md), but all the other survivors died in the chase. After jumping down the stairs, [Juiblex](..\NPCs\Demon%20Lords\Juiblex.md) didn’t seem to follow any further than the city gate. Once we collected ourselves, we instructed [Sir Lanniver](..\NPCs\Sir%20Lanniver%20Strayl.md) to escort the survivors back to [Gauntlgrym](..\Locations\Gauntlgrym.md) where they could rest and be taken care of by *Cornhole*.
